WIP - HIP 7.0 changes (#3818)
ROCm-Developer-Tools/HIP: docs/how-to/hip_runtime_api/error_handling.rst

.. note::

>     :cpp:func:`hipGetLastError` and ``cudaGetLastError`` returns the error
>     returned by any of the preceding HIP or CUDA APIs in the same host thread.
>     Before ROCm release 7.0, the `hipGetLastError` mismatched the bhaviour with
>     ``cudaGetLastError`` and returns the returned error code of the last HIP
>     runtime API call even if it's ``hipSuccess``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :cpp:func:`hipGetLastError` returns the last actual HIP API error caught in the current thread during the application execution. Prior to ROCm 7.0, ``hipGetLastError`` might also return ``hipSuccess`` or ``hipErrorNotReady`` from the last HIP runtime API call, which are not errors.
```
